well I guess yeah just comes down the
end of the way to get in so it sort of a
24-hour period it's and all the physical
preparations are done and you know just
about China I guess relax and mentally
go through things so yeah that's it
it's a good time for the boys they're um
everything's been done it's this now the
case of playing the game so you just
keep backing so relax
yeah first off a little the cause and uh
yeah it's pretty cool pretty cool ground
and um probably be Danny Johnson load us
with the fly on that side yeah it's
pretty special to have a have a dragon
on there and get a little bit used to it
and I'm sure to be a bit different
tomorrow with you guys send me five
thousand you I think you know everyone
always runs over runs there I ever
you know the contest on paper and you
know I think it's fair to say that
outside folks you know as soon as
possibly don't have the that's what I
should respect but study those boys it
you're talking about the LZ zoom in
there there to pretty fine players it
played a lot of great footy and advisors
for until reasonably relatively new both
both enough low particularly well
both Bryson and Dean in this tournament
and you know really guarantor Mario's
game very important members of our team
and that's probably one of the reasons
that place our wheels cuz they they do
their job for the team so although think
tomorrow is not necessarily gonna be won
on that he's got the best players it's
gonna be the best the best team that and
that comes together on that slap know
the Saudi wins every time we play
Australia's it's a hell of a battle and
they test you you know throughout the
whole game from start to finish and for
us as a matter of sticking with them and
sticking to what we do I don't know if
we can sing about one difference between
the two teams but you know if we can go
see force if with them and put ourselves
in a position with you know five ten to
go with the scores near war you know
pretty close that we we back ourselves
towards or for someone to do something
good for the team but I think that's our
biggest thing to worry about is what we
can do and that's obviously stick out it
for that for the whole game and put
ourselves in the position to take the
win if we need to I guess we learned
from the game last weekend that that was
the case and I guess with any game
against a good side you're not going to
win in the first you know ten twenty
minutes you can lose games here but you
can't win them and for us it's just to
put ourselves in a position that come
towards the end of the game that we give
ourselves a chance to win it